[C#] Have student create a new DateTime instance (#989)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/dates/.docs/hints.md

- The tests are running as if running on a machine in the United States, which means that when converting a `DateTime` to a `string` will return dates and time in US format.
- When converting a `DateTime` instance to a `string`, you can use either a [standard format string][docs.microsoft.com_standard-date-and-time-format-strings] or a [custom format string][docs.microsoft.com_custom-date-and-time-format-strings].

### 5. Return the anniversary date

- Use one of the various `DateTime` [constructors][constructors] to create a new `DateTime` instance.

> - You can use one of the current date time`s [properties][docs.microsoft.com_datetime-properties] to get the current year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use one of the current date time's [properties][docs.microsoft.com_datetime-properties] to get the current year.
```
